The MyVA initiative is the largest transformation
in the history of the department of Veterans Affairs.
Through MyVA the department is enhancing the experience
for Veterans and employees, positioning VA
to be a world class service provider for Veterans.
The five broad MyVA strategies are about achieving
customer service excellence.
We call this strategy MyVA.
That's exactly how we want Veterans to see us.
A VA they're proud of by improving the Veteran experience,
improving the employee experience,
achieving support services excellence,
establishing a culture of continuous performance improvement
and enhancing strategic partnerships.
The MyVA transformation strategies to find our unified
approach to leverage VA's immense scope and scale,
so we can give every Veteran an exceptional experience
that's easy, consistent and memorable.